get back here Holly no ones who you
think they are my dear why spoil the fun
it was all a lie there's nothing wrong
with you nice of you to say but you all
people should do there's plenty wrong
take my blood for example I wish
somebody would stuff is killing me why
should I hit because now there's a teeny
little bit of me in you too that's oh
come on don't tell me it's not what you
always wanted look we're running out of
time I need to help I nearly had a cure
it was so close and then it was taken
from me so we both die I'm fine with
that are you imagine saying down how the
last breath knowing that Gotham is doing
the same what are you talking about Oh
didn't I say I've spent weeks shipping
samples my blood to emergency rooms all
the city so that's protocol 10 poison
Gotham I expected more protocol 10 never
heard of it
I'm listening there's someone feeding
that the truth down what do you want oh
that cheer up well kill you oops where
is the cure who has it I had our
cold-hearted fit mr. Freed's making it
but he's gonna talk on me I'll find him
all right I'd like to point out based on
the size of Batman's gargantuan hands
that must have been an iPad Alfred
Joker's poisoned me he may have poisoned
Gotham too Mr Freeze has the only cure
what are you waiting for them is in
Arkham City find him if only it was that
simple he'll be somewhere cold he needs
to be kept at sub-zero temperatures to
survive I don't wish to worry but it is
the middle of winter I noticed I've
calibrated the cowl to track heat
signatures I'll find the coldest point
in Arkham City
yes I've noticed in this game offer it's
kind of a dick have you noticed that is
that is that how he always is is that
something like like a nostalgia is
coloring my memory of him not being a
dick him in Batman
now we level up what should I get here
well this is a different save file so it
doesn't really matter so I'll just get
this the same
whoops
freezes lab must be this way definitely
heading toward the coldest point a
hotline straight to my bestest friend in
the world I can call you up when a
packet cause I think our relationship is
really maturing here the next thing you
know this will be exchanging emails or
meeting up for romantic dinners Riddler
puzzle
that's not where I want to go nope don't
care
that's this way the old GCPD building
freeze must be using one of the old
forensic labs I've got to get in there
oh I came here earlier Tyson beat people
you two trying to get in I'll blow their
faces off if they try to get out and
then what we just grab fries and take it
back to the Joker sounds like a plan
God everyone get your asses over here
now okay
fuck up these guys over here wake up
Jimmy wake up show yourself chicken you
guys I'm the Batman
huh it came from over here I'm sure of
it
throwing another Batarang will give away
my position this is that supposed to
scare me think you're scared though my
dad where are my detective visions those
you're scared of it this way what sure
came from over there hey Margot is late
whoa I repeat we have positive on Batman
you want a bubble bath know what I was
trying to get
gone I left find him now better
o wow kid from over here on Charlene has
a gnarly crazy get over here
and snow fell well it never works
what why did just randomly chose good
seriously if you have one gripe at this
game it's this month that's it I didn't
see any other problems came up in smoke
solid totally wrong but I don't need a
new side mission
there we go down here take time get
Riddler trophies
you